Flood Map Updates (#195)
ASFHyP3/asf-tools: CHANGELOG.md

and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.5.3]
### Changed
* The iterative method in `flood map` now iterates once using the `nmad` method as an initial guess and runs with a maximum step size of 3. 

## Added

> * A `minimization_metric` parameter for `flood_map.iterative` with a default value of `fmi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can choose whether an `fmi`  or `ts` minimization metric is used for the `flood_map.iterative` method:
  * the `flood_map` console script entrypoint now accepts a `--min-metric` argument
  * the  `floopd_map.make_flood_map` function now accepts a `min_metric` keyword argument
```

Reviewer: Also I generally prefer the variable name/argument to be `minimization_metric` (as you have it in the changelog) instead of `min_metric` but `min_metric` is *fine*.
